#summary Acacia.jar, AcaciaLex.jar and AcaciaTest.jar are developed in NetBeans 6.9.1
#labels Featured

= Introduction =
Acacia.jar, AcaciaLex.jar and AcaciaTest.jar are developed in NetBeans 6.9.1

= Details =

== Acacia.jar ==
Acacia library contains Javax annotation specification for following ann.lexer annotations:
  # AnnLexer - Lexer class annotation
  # AnnStartState - Lexer start state annotation
  # AnnState - Lexer State class annotation
  # AnnToken - Token annotation
  # AnnTokens -  Token list annotation

Acacia library also contains javax annotation proc.lexer processor ProcessAnnLexer. To enable the processor, to Acacia.jar is added META-INF/services folder with file javax.annotation.processing.Processor. It is done by trunk/jar/copy.bat script:
  * Locate to trunk/jar folder
  * Execute copy.bat script:
    # copy Acacia.jar from its dist location to trunk/jar
    # add javax.annotatio.processing.Processor file to Acacia.jar
    # copy Acacia.jar back to its dist location

== AcaciaLex.jar ==
AcaciaLex.jar uses Acacia.jar library.
In AcaciaLex project is defined Lexers, their states and tokens.

== AcaciaTest.jar ==
AcaciaTest.jar uses combined.jar library. It is join of Acacia.jar and AcaciaLex.jar classes. It is done by trunk/jar/combine.bat script:
  * Locate to trunk/jar folder
  * Execute combine.bat script:
    # copy Acacia.jar from its dist location to trunk/jar
    # copy AcaciaLex.jar from its dist location to trunk/jar
    # unjar Acacia.jar and AcaciaLex.jar in trunk/jar/tmp folder
    # make combine.jar from trunk/jar/tmp folder

In Common.java class Lexers are initialized and executed.
In TestCommon.java class Lexers execution is tested.